[MUSIC]
Hi, I'm Roger Peng and
I'll be your instructor for this course.
This course is about managing
the data analysis process.
Now data analysis is really hard because
it's a process that we don't understand
very well and
we have a difficult time describing,
even people who are really
good at analyzing data.
Maybe you're one of them, often have a
difficult time explaining exactly what it
is that they are doing, and the process,
the thought process that goes behind it.
Put it this way,
suppose you're a song writer,
and you're trying to write a hit song,
okay?
Now you have a lot of tools
at your disposal, but
you've probably heard a lot of
different songs that are really good.
So you kinda have a sense of what
makes it good, how long it should be,
what the structure should be in terms of
the verse and the chorus and the bridge.
We have a lot of music theory that tells
us what notes sound good together,
what notes don't sound good together, what
chords you should use, things like that.
There's all kinds of knowledge that we've
accumulated over the years about what
makes a great song.
But ultimately the song writer has to
inject this creative spark that puts
it all together and makes a piece of music
that people actually want to listen to.
Okay, so that's the art of song writing.
In 1974, Donald Knuth,
a computer scientist at Stanford,
wrote an essay where he talked about the
difference between an art and a science.
And the bottom line is that he said
a science is something we understand so
well, that we can teach it to a computer.
Everything else is an art.
Okay.
So, one of the things that it's
important to understand for
this course,
is that data analysis is an art.
Okay, when you analyze data,
we have a lot of tools at our disposal.
We have statistical methods,
we have machine learning methods,
we have all kinds of software
packages that we can apply.
There are a lot of tools out there that we
have that have been developed by a lot of
different people in this area.
But ultimately, for a given data set,
it takes a person to put it together,
to ask the right question,
to assemble the right methods to interpret
the results, and to communicate them in
a way that people really care
about what you found, all right?
So that's kind of what this course is
about, is about managing this entire
process and the iteration that you
go through to analyze data and
to produce coherent results.
So I'm looking forward to working
with you in this course and
to bring you through this
data analysis process.
[MUSIC]